oh my god
so very nice you ready you know for what
I eat the one more call this okay good
talk yeah good talk hi I want to be okay
okay it's no fun being the most hated
person at a wedding
these are not going away we thought it
would Misha our emotional room a cloud
of marijuana spec poses and how annoying
is Carrie why aren't you ready yet
okay totally fine
why don't we just have a drink and make
a sort of game plan for what might
possibly be a stressful
you guys are so obsessed with yourselves
and something it's really not that
interesting what are you writing I'm
just making a note of what not to do at
our wedding
[Music]
very nice Oh get me another Bloody Mary
it's an emergency
[Music]